When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local? 

    You should use a remote repository if you are going to be collaborating with others, you could also use it
    as a another backup source. Remote repository is a must if you plan to share your work with others. Another reason to 
    use remote repository is if you work remotely from different computers.  This would allow you to work on your project. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date
with your remote repository? 

    Manually pulling can save bandwidth, some people might have limited bandwidth and automatically pulling
    could be costly. In addition, some people might have limited Internet/remote access. So manually 
    pulling when they are online. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

    Forks only exist on GitHub, it is similiar to a clone where you copy a repo but the difference is, you 
    can't edit the source since you don't have permission. In addition, Forks allows others to see who the
    original author who wrote the code/files, thus giving them credit for their work and also allows the 
    author to see changes others have made for possible inclusion into his code. Clones copies a repo and
    can allow changes to be made. You would use clone to copy a remote repo and make changes between local 
    and remote. You can also collaborate with others allowing them to make changes too. Branches work off
    the same repo, they are basically allow you to seperate work and not cause disruption from bugs/errors. 
    Example would be seperate/branch off for creating/testing a new feature on an existing repo. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    Having a local copy allows you to work offline and know the last known state. Check for changes also
    doesn't require you to be online until you are ready to push and/or pull. 

